#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   djoser
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-mail
billiard==4.1.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.26.153
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   smart-open
botocore==1.29.153
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   premailer
celery==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.2
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djoser
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==2.7.1
    # via premailer
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pygithub
dj-database-url==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-bulk-update-or-create
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-redis
    #   django-safedelete
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-mail
django-anymail[mailgun]==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-mail
django-bulk-update-or-create==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-common
django-robots==6.0b0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-safedelete==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via djoser
django-webpack-loader==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-common
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-extensions
    #   mitol-django-authentication
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.8.0
    # via djoser
djoser==2.1.0
    # via mitol-django-authentication
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via mitol-django-common
faker==8.10.0
    # via factory-boy
google-api-core==2.8.2
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.58.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via google-api-core
html5lib==1.1
    # via mitol-django-mail
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.10
    # via requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipython==8.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via python3-saml
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.17.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.3.0
    # via celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   premailer
    #   python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mitol-django-authentication==2023.1.17
    # via -r requirements.in
mitol-django-common==2023.6.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-mail
mitol-django-mail==2023.1.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
newrelic==5.16.1.146
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
ol-concoursepy==0.0.41
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.0
    # via pytest
parso==0.7.1
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
premailer==3.10.0
    # via mitol-django-mail
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.18.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.58.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.7.4
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   pygithub
    #   social-auth-core
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pypdf2==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==7.4.0
    # via mitol-django-common
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.15.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   mitol-django-common
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yamale
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   ol-concoursepy
    #   premailer
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   click-repl
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   pynacl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
smart-open[s3]==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
    #   mitol-django-authentication
social-auth-core[saml]==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via django
sseclient-py==1.7
    # via ol-concoursepy
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via mitol-django-mail
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   dj-database-url
    #   mitol-django-common
tzdata==2023.3
    # via celery
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via python3-saml
yamale==4.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
